Add stuff to the PR List (#49)
softwareunderground/awesome-open-geoscience: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

- [ ] The project is [open-source](https://opensource.org/licenses/alphabetical) and accessible.
- [ ] Searched the existing entries to make sure this is not a duplicate.
- [ ] Contains only a single addition (make separate PRs if adding more than one).
- [ ] Added the link to the bottom of the relevant category.

> - [ ] Add icon from [here](media/icon/) if applicable (like ![Python](media/icon/python.svg)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Add icon from the `media/icon/` folder if applicable (like `![Python](media/icon/python.png)` ).
```

Author: Good point. It's also more readable in "non commit" mode.
